Draper 
Software Engineer
May 2015 - Present 
Cambridge, MA

 Designed, developed, and tested key components of fault-tolerant flight software in embedded C for NASA-funded reusable spacecraft.  
 Generated simulation and modeling software in MATLAB and Simulink to analyze flight trajectories using Kalman filtering algorithms. 
 Wrote object-oriented modernization design proposal for a major department’s analysis tools to generalize and expand the functionality of existing software.  
 Received Outstanding Contribution Award and subsequent promotion based on performance reviews.
 Designed Python framework for auto-testing legacy software. 

IBM 
Software Co-op
June 2014 - August 2014 
Littleton, MA
 Designed C++ test cases to ensure full code coverage. 
 Learned company’s software lifecycle for Lotus Notes, working to resolve outstanding PRs and implemented test cases using Visual Studio IDE and within a Windows environment.

Putnam Investments 
Software Co-op
January 2014 - May 2014 
Andover, MA
 Designed and implemented Python software to automatically update SQL tables with daily changes to employee information. 
 Led efforts to create a department-wide version control using GIT. 

Engaging Computing Group 
Undergrad Researcher
May 2012 - December 2013 
Lowell, MA
 Developed prototype evaluation system in Python to automatically grade submissions in a freshman-level CS course.
 Designed grading rubrics and teaching materials for an introductory Mobile Computing class.
 Contributed to the App Inventor Gallery, a code-sharing platform for community created Android apps, using JavaScript and Qooxdoo, an Ajax web-application framework. 


Mathematics Department
Undergrad Researcher 
September 2012 - December 2013 
Lowell, MA
 Worked with a team of undergraduate and graduate students under Professor James Propp on problems involving de-randomized rotor-router models of stochastic processes.
 Communicated ﬁndings through technical writing and computer simulations.
 Presented results at the 2013 Mid-Hudson Mathematics Conference.

-------------------------------------

SKILLS 

Python 
C
C++ 
MatLab 
Simulink 
Linux 
MySQL 
MagicDraw  
UML 
Git 
SVN 
Simics 
VxWorks 
HTML
CSS
Software Architecture  
Embedded Systems 
